hey
welcome back to review recap
today i am going to show you an epic
tale of a man's survival spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
chuck nolan is a systems engineer for
federal express
he shows some moscow staff how fedex
does business
the most important thing he tells them
about his time that the package sorting
must be completed precisely on schedule
for demonstration he opens a package he
sent to himself from fedex's
headquarters and his home base in
memphis tennessee that contains a small
stopwatch
chuck stops it at 87 hours which he says
is a lamentable conveyance time
considering fedex's chief business
strategy of delivering packages
overnight while yelling at the staff the
interpreter brings up an old incident
where chuck stole a child's bike when
his delivery van broke down
chuck insists that the story has been
fabricated and that he merely borrowed
the bike and that he still got his
deliveries done
chuck launches the crew into the package
sort with a time limit of three hours
with 15 minutes left the sword is
undermined when one of the moscow
office's trucks is booted in red square
he calls his girlfriend kelly and leaves
a message saying he is coming home in 24
hours and that he needs to see a dentist
for a tooth that's bothering him now for
a while
after the sword is done and he's back at
the airport he talks to his co-worker
and friend stan
one of the crew asks about stan's wife
who got cancer
the state of mind turns dismal and chuck
looks insightful with regards to the
news
chuck returns to memphis fedex
headquarters and visits kelly during
dinner with her family on christmas eve
he gets a message from work that he
needs to go to malaysia they drive to
his departure point at the airport and
they exchange their christmas gifts he
gives her a bunch of kitchen items she
gives him an antique watch that belonged
to her grandfather
inside the watch is a picture of her
chuck really likes the watch and
promises her he'll always keep it set to
memphis time to remind him to come home
right before he leaves for his plane he
gives her an engagement ring he'd plan
to propose on new year's eve but decided
to do it earlier he tells her he'll be
right back
he is the only passenger in rides in the
jump seat of a fedex cargo plane across
the pacific ocean
chuck wakes up when the plane gets some
turbulence the plane has encountered a
fierce storm
the pilots tries to fly around it but
they fail to connect with radio contact
in fiji chuck goes to the bathroom to
freshen up a bit
suddenly the door flies open and chuck
is nearly sucked out of the plane due to
depressurization
he gets back to his seat and is given a
life raft by one of the crew members the
plane goes down and crashes in the ocean
water rushes into the fuselage in a
flash
chuck makes it to the surface and climbs
in the raft seeing one of the engines
explode
chuck passes out and is washed onto the
shore of a very small tropical island he
discovers immediately that his pager is
waterlogged and that kelly's watch is
also ruined he also finds out very
quickly that he's alone though the sound
of falling coconuts trick him into
thinking someone else is also on the
island
desperate to find food and fresh water
chuck struggles a lot to open a coconut
when throwing them at a large rock and
smashing them on a smaller rock fail he
uses a sharp rock to finally cut the
shell he's also able to spear small
crabs but without any fire to cook them
which is not a good food him he explores
the island finding a small cave in the
rock and finds a total of 11 fedex
packages from the crash that have washed
ashore
he also discovers the body of one of the
aircraft's pilots and buries him at
night on the beach chuck sees the lights
of a ship
using a small flashlight which he found
from the body of the pilot he tries to
signal the ship but is unsuccessful the
next morning he tries to leave the
island in the rubber raft from the jet
the high breakers over the coral reef
surrounding the island turn the raft
over he's tossed onto the reef and his
thigh is badly injured
recovering from the accident he begins
to build a small camp and opens the
fedex parcels he discovers several items
that aid him in his survival including a
pair of ice skates a leather and lace
dress video tapes and a legal document
declaring a divorce
another parcel contains a volleyball
that eventually becomes his companion
one of the parcels is decorated with a
pair of wings and for unexplained
reasons he doesn't open it he tries to
build a fire by rubbing a stick against
a piece of wood but cuts his hand
in anger he grabs the volleyball and
throws it his cut hand leaves a bloody
imprint on the ball and from the he adds
in a face naming it by its brand name
holsen the ball becomes his companion
sometime later he describes to wilson
the flight path of his jet compared to
its last known position and calculates
that the search area is over 500 000
square miles twice the size of texas he
realizes it's impossible that he'll ever
be found
chuck uses the lace from the dress as a
fishing net eating a small minnow he
catches raw he also spends a lot of time
rubbing two sticks together to make a
fire the process is frustrating but
chuck continues and refining his
strategy lastly gets an enormous fire
moving
chuck makes a home in a small cave that
protects him from storms that
occasionally hit the island
still suffering from the tooth that was
bothering him before he left memphis it
has turned into a boil and is amazingly
excruciating and enlarged
desperate he finally resorts to using
the sharp end of an ice skate blade with
a rock as a hammer to extract the tooth
four years pass
chuck has lost more than 50 pounds and
his hair and beard are long and messy
every day is a survival for him
during a storm two of the walls of a
broken fiberglass portable toilet are
tossed on shore
when he sees it blown by the wind he is
suddenly energized with the idea of
building a raft that will use the
fiberglass walls like a makeshift sail
that could possibly get him over the
larger waves surrounding the island he
chops down trees and lays out his raft
to tie the poles together he braids rope
from local tree bark and from the
videotape he counts the days necessary
to catch the northeast trade winds that
he hopes will take him into the shipping
lanes and rescue
chuck isn't certain where he is headed
but figures that he would rather die at
sea that spend the rest of his life
alone on the island at one point he
envisions that wilson is revealing to
him the arrangement will not work and he
punts wilson out of his cavern promptly
repentant chuck runs outside and
discovers wilson saying sorry to him
later we see that chuck prepares food
water and other necessities for his
escape he also tells wilson that he'll
have to make rope again
chuck cuts down saplings on the island
and peels the bark from them to braid
when he finishes scouring the island and
finds he's cut down every sapling he can
he tells wilson he'll have to make the
rest of the rope from videotape which
won't be as strong as the tree bark at
the point when wilson recommends where
chuck can get more rope chuck turns out
to be extremely hesitant the additional
rope was a length chuck had made when he
was considering self-destruction a
couple of years prior
throw moves to the highest point of the
island's pinnacle and recovers the rope
which heat attached to a faker of
himself to test it chuck ties his
companion wilson in the fedex parcel
decorated with wings to the raft with
the new sail and a pair of makeshift
oars he's able to sail over the reef
surf and escape the island and lagoon
he sails for many encounters a few
storms the sail doubles as a shelter and
continues fishing and collecting
rainwater to survive
one day following a heavy storm an
exhausted chuck is awakened by water in
his face apparently from the spout of a
whale and sees wilson floating away he
tries to rescue wilson but afraid of
losing the raft he is forced to let
wilson go he gets sad over losing wilson
he has nearly given up hope of rescue
when he is awakened by another whale
spout he turns over to see a container
ship passing close by
they signal that they've seen him a
month later chuck is flown home to
memphis and is the guest of honor at a
large company organized welcome
reception on the plane back he talks to
stan who tells chuck they had a funeral
with a coffin that they filled with
small items in chuck's honor stan's wife
also had passed away during chuck's time
away and chuck reflects on how stan had
to go through two funerals the farewell
is attended by fedex's president chuck
looks thoughtfully at the large crab
legs that were served perhaps thinking
of fishing for crabs on the island kelly
intended to meet chuck at the
celebration but she feels very
uncomfortable wondering that chuck has
died she marries a dentist her husband
apologizes for her absence and tells
chuck that kelly is having a difficult
time coping with his sudden reappearance
he asks chuck to give her more time
looking out of the window he sees kelly
in tears comforted by her husband later
that evening chuck takes a taxi to
kelly's home
she seems to be expecting him and
invites him inside they talk about
little things and he discovers how much
her life and ambitions have changed and
how she coped with his presumed death
chuck gives kelly back the watch she had
given him telling her that it is a
family thing and should remain in her
family
she tells him that the company presumed
a hazardous package caught fire which
caused the crash
she shows him that his island was more
than 600 miles from the cook islands
around which the search had been
conducted he had drifted 500 miles in
his raft before he was found he decides
to keep her picture
she gives him the keys to his jeep which
she had kept they apologize to each
other for all that has happened and he
drives off slowly in the rain
kelly suddenly runs after him shouting
his name
he backs up and they embrace fiercely in
the pouring rain
she tells him that she always believed
he was alive but that other said she had
to move on
she tells him that he's the love of her
life
he says he loves her too they talk for a
few more minutes in his car but chuck
tells kelly that she needs to go home
showing his respect for her moving on
with her life
chuck later talks to stan about his
meeting with kelly and how he
understands and accepts that they will
always love each other their lives have
gone on different paths and they cannot
be together he confesses to the utter
despair and helplessness he felt on the
island describes his failed attempt at
suicide and how he received assurance
that he was supposed to live and came to
terms with islamists
while he has just lost her again he
accepts it and understands he has to
take live one day at a time because you
never know what the life will bring
he drives to texas with a fedex package
decorated with wings in his jeep he
attempts to deliver it at a ranch with a
wrought iron gate reading bettina but no
one is there
he leaves it at the door with a note
stating that the parcel saved his life
he drives south and at a four-way
intersection and gets out of his car to
look at a map
a friendly pretty woman in an old pickup
truck stops and asks him if he is lost
smiling he confesses he hasn't made up
his mind where he was going
she tells him where the four roads lead
and that north the direction chuck had
just come from leads to a whole lot of
nothingness all the way to canada
she drives north and as she pulls away
chuck spots the same pair of wings that
were on the package on the tailgate of
her truck the movie ends showing that
chuck walks to the center of the
intersection and looks in each direction
for a few seconds he then turns north
and his gaze lingers in the direction
the woman drove
thanks for watching
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notification to watch more videos like
this